Q: What corrections did you have to make?
Ans: There were some contrast errors for the display time of the post and the "suggestions for you" text shown by the WAVE tool. I corrected them by using a different color and changing the font-weight of the elements. I  previously used the text field for the "Add a comment" element which gave me a form error. This error was resolved by changing the text field to a label element, as it was not a required functionality for the current homework. I added the username to alt-text for images resolving almost all my WAVE alerts.

Q: Given that the photos and captions rely on user-generated content, do you think that the accessibility problems are all solvable? Why or why not?
Ans: No, not all accessibility problems are currently solvable. This is due to their reliance on user-provided alternate content for the photos and captions. If a photo or caption conveys information, a person who cannot see the image will not receive the information if no alt text is specified.
However, with advances in machine learning and computer vision, it is possible to mitigate the problem by analyzing the image and generating an alt-text relevant to the photo.

Q: Do you think your website is usable if you turn off the CSS? Why or why not?
Ans: In my opinion, the website is not usable if CSS is turned off. Although all the elements are visible, the elements are still tabbable, and would be understood by the user eventually upon closer inspection, it is not user-friendly. There is no clear visual distinction between the different HTML elements, and they appear in a vertical linear order.

Q: Do you think your website is usable if you turn off the images? Why or why not?
Ans: The website would be kind-of usable if the images are turned-off, i.e., their content will be replaced by the alt-text. Currently, the alt-text logic is embedded in the code and otherwise depends heavily on the user providing an alt-text. If alt-text is not provided, the website usability will decrease.
The styling of the application visually distinguishes the elements without the need for loading photos.

Q: Submit a screenshot of your Wave report
Ans: Included in the submission folder.